Hello, everyone.
Welcome.
And here we'll be solving this problem.
palindrome partitioning II and.
For me, it is one of the easiest problems.
But let's say.
Let's see how to solve it.
so, here again, we have to take a partitioning.
But the problem says that given a string s, partition s such that every substring of the partition
is a palindrome.
right And return the minimum cuts needed for the palindromic partitioning of s.
So what I'll do is I'll also do a follow up of this.
And the follow up of this is nothing, but, we have this minimum cut right.
But then we'll also see how to print that string, how to print them palindromic partitioning, which gives
the minimum cut cool so we will print the final answer as well
So let's discuss this a little bit.
And the first input is aab, so we know that we can always partition this string into a, a and b,
right?
So if there's any string of length n, then we can always partition it into n partitions.
Right.
So just give me a second.
Yeah.
cool.
So we can always partition into n partition.
So partitioning into n partitions will require n-1 cuts.
Right.
In this case, if I'm partitioning it like at three places, then it requires 2 cuts, as you can
easily see.
Right.
So there's another partitioning possible, which is aa and b, it requires only one cut right.
So there can be a partitioning that is possible, which requires only zero cuts.
I hope you know this right.
Because let's say if the whole string is a palindrome, let's say aabaa
So this does not require any cuts.
This does not require any partitioning.
But example we can see a is a palindrome itself, it require 0 cuts.
ab is.
Not a palindrome, but it can be partitioned into two different palindromes.
So again, how we'll will solve this.
how we will approach this problem simple.
right so will start from the 0th index.
And what we will do is we will try to make all the possible partitions.
So how will we make all possible partitions that?
is Starting from 2nd index.
Will simply iterate, will simply keep on iterating and we'll check that.
Okay.
Now, this substring is a palindrome.
We'll check it by calling the recursive function.
That's again, very easy.
And when we have got that, right that this is a palindrome.
Let's say.
lets say this is a string s
And right now my i is this and my j is this and I'm just checking whether I to j is a palindrome or not.
And it is a palindrome right? so if i to j is a palindrome.
I would simply ask that okay from j plus one give me what is the minimum cuts right.
So whatever is the minimum cuts from j plus one.
That means I'm adding a cut over.
here.
right.
So I'm having one partition.
I'll say, okay, I had a cut, give me the minimum cuts possible from the j plus one.
add one to it, right.
And for all these j's I will try and find the minimum answer.
right, so basically what, what's the final step.
It.
what will DP[i] represent here?
dp[i] will represent the minimum cuts required.
for Palindromic.
Palindromic.
Partitioning.
s i to n and basically the suffix of s starting at.
Ith index right and what is the recursive relation that we will simplify form.
It is.
DP[i] is nothing but minimum of.
let's run a loop
So j starts from i, j will go till, n right.
It's a one way index sum and then I would simply say it is equals to.
cool, we don't have a summation here right.
it is nothing but equal to minimum of dp((j+1))
for all those cuts that will start from I will ask what is the minimum from j plus one
I will simply add one right out out of all those minimums.
And here j will go from.
j will go from.
j starts from i and j will go till less than n.
cool, I hope this is very clear that won't be doing anything.
We just have to make a partition and we'll make a partition.
We'll check whether i to j is a palindrome or not.
If it is a palindrome.
Do nothing.
Just give me the best answer.
The minimum gets acquired from j plus one and add one.
And in the next part will also code this.
This problem will also require checking whether I to j is a palindrome or not.
Right.
If I want to check whether i to j is a palindrome or not, there are two ways.
So the first way is simple iterative way that we can simply.
Start I and start j and keep on decreasing them.